docs: add release process (#3913)
ignite/cli: release_process.md

Ignite uses [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/) to indicate the stability and compatibility of releases.

## Release Branches

Releases are tagged from release branches. The release branch is typically named after the release version, such as `release/v28.x.y` or `release/v30.x.y`. The release branch is created from the `main` branch and contains all the changes that will be included in the release.

## Development Branch

The `main` branch is the development branch for Ignite. All new features and bug fixes are developed on this branch. The `main` branch is typically updated daily or weekly, depending on the amount of development activity.

## Backporting Features and Bug Fixes

Features or bug fixes that are ready to be included in a release must be backported from the `main` branch to the release branch. This is done using Mergify, a CI/CD tool that automates the process of backporting changes. Add the `backport release/x.y.z` label to a pull request (PR) to indicate that it should be backported to the release branch. Mergify will automatically backport the PR when it is merged into the `main` branch.

## All PRs Target Main

> All pull requests (PRs) should target the `main` branch. This ensures that all changes are always integrated into the development branch and are eligible for backporting to release branches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All PRs should target the `main` branch. This ensures that changes are always integrated into the development branch and are ready for backporting.
```

## Changelog

> The changelog is a file that lists all of the changes that have been made to Ignite since the last release. The changelog must be up to date before a release is made.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The changelog lists all of the changes that have been made to Ignite since the last release. The changelog must be up-to-date before a release is made.
```

Reviewer: I believe we can just include this point as part of changelog point in the next section ("Release Preparation and Testing"), and link to the changelog.

## Release Preparation and Testing

Before a release is made, it is important to prepare the release branches and perform thorough testing. This includes:

* Verifying that all wanted changes have been backported to the release branch.
* Running all unit tests, integration tests, and manual scenarios.
* Ensuring that the release branch is still compatible with all supported environments.
* Prepare the changelog.

## Release Publication

> Once the release is ready, it can be published to the releases page on GitHub. This involves tagging the release branch with the release version and creating a release announcement. The release anouncement should contain the changelog of the release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the release is ready, it can be published to the [releases page](https://github.com/ignite/cli/releases) on GitHub. This involves tagging the release branch with the release version and creating a release announcement. The release anouncement should contain the changelog of the release.
```

```bash
git checkout release/v28.x.y
git tag v28.x.y -m "Release Ignite v28.x.y"
```

## Post-Release Activities

> After a **major** release has been made, it is important to monitor feedback and bug reports to inform subsequent releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After a `MAJOR` release has been made, it is important to monitor feedback and bug reports to inform subsequent releases.
```

> Additionally, the `main` branch should be updated to the next version number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The release author must also update the `main` branch to the corresponding version number.
```

Author: Next is correct here. When we release v0.29, we want to rename everything on main to v30

> This includes renaming the `go.mod` and all references to the version number in the codebase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This includes renaming `go.mod` and all references to the version number in the codebase.
```
